Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Now what?
I don't know.
They're not gonna get any deader.
Fine.
Damn, we're out of bleach.
Come on, Miranda.
Last mile. You can do it.
- Where's Nadia?
- In Roman's room.
Her room is freezing.
She stared at him.
- Who did?
- Nadia.
And then he just dropped dead.
You said you whacked the
guy with a snow globe. Right?
Died of a brain hemorrhage, probably.
I hate you.
I hate all of you.
We'll be lucky if we don't spend
the rest of our lives in jail.
Why don't we take a
moment and be grateful...
... that we're all alive?
- Well, most of us.
- He was a good Christian man.
- He deserves a proper burial.
- Of course.
You lied to me!
Both of you!
I watched you turn into a wild animal.
And you... I don't even know what you are.
You're both monsters.
- And this...
- What happened, happened, Miranda.
The world that you thought
only existed in bad dreams
is the one that you're living in now.
And it's never gonna go
back to the way it was.
- OK, it's all over. You're OK.
- Wh... what if they come back?
They won't. They're dead. All of them.
- I wanna go home.
- Hey.
We need you.
Nadia needs you.
Let's just... sit down and relax...
... a second.
Here, why don't you lie down?
Everything's gonna be all right.
They were after the baby the whole time?
All the other murders
were for nothing? Why?
They thought they were making
the world a better place.
We need to carry on like
nothing happened. OK?
Go home, get some sleep. Be
sure to show up late for work,
otherwise Templar will
know something's screwy.
- What about the bodies?
- I'll handle it.
- How?
- I'll figure something out.
I'll head to 7-Eleven, get some
more bleach, finish up here.
And then head to the diner.
- Don't... don't leave me here alone.
- You won't be alone.
Anna's here.
Here. Drink this.
One of your secret potions, handed
down through the mists of time?
Vicodin and orange juice.
Sometimes Big Pharma gets
the job done just fine.
What you did last night... saving him...
He would have done the same for me.
Well, I guess I was wrong about you.
How could anyone ever wanna hurt you?
Anna, um, if there's anything
that I can do for you...
Ding-dong, the witch is dead.
Born Alyona Ivanovna Potyomkina-Zosimova,
whom the Iraqis referred to
as al-Akhbar al-Saiyya'
fi al-Ah 'thia Ma 'aqoula,
Which, loosely translated,
"bad news in sensible shoes."
Now, your formidable acting skills not
withstanding, I know you killed her.
- I have no idea what you're...
- Not to worry.
She was becoming a liability.
Actually...  you did me a favor.
Uh... Well, about the matter at hand...
What am I to do with you, Roman?
You bully and browbeat me, then
ask me to save your human soul.
But this time, you've
really outdone yourself.
Roll up with a truckload of corpses
and expect me to make them disappear?
Can you just fucking take care of it?
That's no way for a man in your
position to ask for a favor.
- Who were they?
- I have no idea.
They attacked my house,
tried to kill me, my kid.
- Why would they do such a thing?
- You'd have to ask them.
But I'm guessing even you don't
have the technology to do that.
Well, not yet.
Let me hazard a guess,
that their weapon of choice
was a bow of some sort.
- How do you know that?
- The bishop was found murdered
with more arrows in him
than Saint Sebastian.
Which means that his
shares in the company...
Are you gonna help me or not?
I will clean up your mess.
But there will be certain
conditions, to be named later.
But first and foremost, you
must stop meddling in my work.
- Do I have your word?
- Yes. Of course.
- I wanna see my sister.
- She's... in treatment at the moment.
Where on earth have you been?
It doesn't matter, I need a hug.
What's the matter?
Can't say I blame you giving me a
time-out after all that's gone on.
I learned a new word today,
from Pryce, of all people.
- "Solipsism," it means...
- One's self is the only existent thing.
Johann was right. I haven't
just been a bad girlfriend.
I've been living my life all wrong.
I love you with all my heart,
Norman. I know that now.
All the time lost.
I need to make it up to you. Teach
me, so I can be your perfect woman.
I'm ready to change. Look,
I even sing love songs now.
Turn it off.
Methotrexate, cyclophosphamide,
carboplatin and etoposide.
Wow. They've thrown the
whole Spanish Armada at you.
Stage IV lymphoma, by the looks of it.
At least I don't have to...
stand in front of the mirror
practicing how to tell you.
I'm not giving up, no matter how
long the odds. I'm gonna beat this.
I've been a failure as a mother.
This is an opportunity to... regain the
respect of my children by standing tall.
And if I'm not to be, I'm
going to live out my life
with love, compassion,
and you as my North Star.
You really are something, Olivia.
Aspiring to become an obedient mate.
Within reason.
A chanteuse, valiant survivor.
If fate allows.
Do you know that Saint Paul was
a loathsome, murderous cocksucker,
but history regards him favorably
because he turned his legacy around.
You will not be afforded that opportunity.
This one makes your bones so brittle
that you could break an arm
getting dressed in the morning.
This one is for the purple lesions
that will cover your face and neck,
but your hair, fingernails
and teeth will fall out
and it will turn your
eyes the color of mustard.
Why are you talking like this?
Oooh... the miracle drug.
Absorbs through the kidneys,
but yours will become so necrotic
and gangrenous as the cancer
spreads, they'll have to be removed.
- So you're out of luck there.
- Please stop.
You will smell dead months
before you actually are.
Like rancid dogfish.
It'll hurt you just to breathe,
to swallow, and... and...
... you'll lose your taste for blood.
I didn't tell you...
... in order to protect
you. Protect us. I...
I was afraid this would happen.
That you wouldn't understand.
I wouldn't understand that
you feast on human suffering?
It's not like that, not anymore,
because of Johann's work.
- Jesus, is he one, too?
- Of course not.
You know...
... I came here to kill you.
I know how much I've hurt you...
- But to alleviate your suffering...
- Please forgive me.
- ... with a swift death...
- We can be a family.
- ... would not only be wrong...
- The two of us.
- ... that would be wrong...
- With Shelley! Our son!
- ... it would be deeply unsatisfying!
- We could be together
- for the little time I have left!
- No. No!
I'm gonna watch you die horribly.
It's the least that I can do for Marie.
I owe it to her memory.
I didn't have a choice.
She tried to kill me to punish you.
That's how much Marie hated you.
Norman, I had to defend myself.
You have to believe me. Norman!
Please, you have to believe me!
Fuck me.
Fuck you.
Good morning, Pearl.
- You're looking beautific, as always.
- Ah, morning, Doctor.
What's on today's menu
of disease and contagion?
Oh, Mrs. Blakelock called again.
She thinks she has malaria and is dying.
We should be so lucky.
This is damn fine coffee, by the way.
Miranda Cates called. She sounded upset.
- About?
- She wouldn't say.
She's on her way over here now.
I need her chart, if you'd be so kind.
And would you, uh, pop over
to the medical supplier?
We're running low on tongue
depressors and latex gloves.
I'm pretty sure there's a
box of gloves in the closet.
- No, checked last night. Nada.
- You want me to go right this second?
- Yeah. Before it gets hectic.
- But the phones...
I come from a long line of multitaskers.
Oh, and some cotton swabs, too.
Can't have too many cotton swabs.
You're a pearl of a girl.
Alrighty.
Thank you, Pearl.
- It's time?
- It is.
I'll stay here with you. Nothing
to worry about ever again.
Just one last thing.
If the people in town find my body,
I'm worried about what
they'll d... do with it.
I will make sure the
police will find it first.
After the inquest, it will
rest in your family plot.
Please, not there.
Is there someplace else?
The river.
The old cemetery looks over it.
- I used to go there...
- After school, to sit, to read.
It was the only place I could be alone.
It's beautiful.
It's perfect.
Then that is where you will be.
Among the hemlocks, overlooking the river.
- One more thing.
- Jason.
He's been placed in foster
care with a good family.
He'll be protected, I will make sure of it.
I'm ready.
Bach.
The first concert you took me to, Uncle.
The Philadelphia Orchestra.
I was hoping you'd have
fond memories of it.
Sleep now.
Darling Shelley.
- How long till...
- About 25 minutes.
I don't know if I can do this. I'm sorry.
- I wanna stay...
- You were here when she needed you.
Hello?
I'm back.
Miranda?
Hello?
I just fed her two hours ago
and everything was normal.
I mean, if you can call any of this
normal. Then, I just started bleeding!
Shh. It's OK, it's OK. The baby's fine.
- Yeah, but what if...
- What if an asteroid slammed
into planet Earth and sent
us all careening into the sun?
Living in the land of "what ifs"
will make you crazy as a loon.
That's a loon call, in case you
thought I was baying at the moon.
All right. Let's have a look at Mom.
Not biological Mom, but de facto Mom.
But Mom nonetheless, as
far as she's concerned.
Well, what if... uh, suppose...
... Nadia swallowed some of my blood?
Um, to put it in human
terms, palindromic discharge
is a precursor to zygote matrix expansion,
but doesn't usually present
itself quite this early, so...
- What does any of that even mean?
- You under a lot of stress these days?
Hm.
Pryce. What the hell's going on?
I tried to visit Shelley just now, but
security wouldn't let me near her room.
- Have a seat.
- I don't wanna sit. I want answers.
It was your niece's
wish that you be informed
as soon as the procedure is complete.
So now I'm at liberty to explain
what has taken place in broad strokes.
Norman, Shelley Godfrey is
not her physical persona.
Shelley Godfrey is the
spirit inside the girl.
My breakthrough in
extrauterine fetal incubation...
We've managed to preserve
that and create a situation
where she's allowed to succeed
and be happy in every possible way.
Project Ouroboros was the
creation originally of a host body,
which I realized, upon her return, could
serve as a home for the new Shelley.
... conducting atmospheric oxygen
and fluorocarbon mixture through the...
We created an amniotic tank
with simulated zero gravity.
We uploaded the real Shelley's
consciousness to the server,
then re-downloaded it into the new body,
creating a woman without physical ailments,
able to enjoy her life.
You wretched little cunt!
I ought to smack the shit out of you!
I am aware our relationship
is strained at best,
however, there's no occasion for threats.
Or your less pleasant
characterizations of me.
Preying on a little girl who'd do anything
for the slightest shred
of approval from Olivia,
who's only too happy to victimize
her physically imperfect
daughter for vanity's sake.
And you, so you can add to your
resume of scientific achievements,
- however freakish.
- This was all Shelley's idea.
As far as public recognition,
I've agreed to her condition
for absolute secrecy to
protect her anonymity.
I've sacrificed 20 years of
research and my place in history
to give your niece a shot at a better life.
- Happily so.
- Saint Johann.
I will light a fucking candle.
You don't seriously expect me to believe
that Olivia wasn't behind this sick
- and twisted extreme makeover.
- Not only did Olivia have nothing
to do with it, she was acting against
her own best interest in the matter.
Olivia's only interest is Olivia.
But I don't need to tell you.
I mean, as her personal physician,
I'm sure you know everything
- there is to know about Olivia.
- There is a theory,
not wholly without merit, that
this host anatomy, the pretty one,
if you will, can be repurposed,
broken down into component
parts to cure her cancer.
You are aware she has terminal cancer?
- Among her other pathologies.
- Yet, she insisted that Shelley
have the body, even though
it could cost Olivia her life.
I've known this woman for 20
years. You don't seriously believe
that she's gonna go out in a
sudden flourish of generosity.
Well, apparently, we have you to thank
for her breathtaking transformation.
- Oh, really, me?
- She loves you.
Deeply, Norman.
She would sacrifice
anything, even her own life,
if it would earn your love and respect.
I heard her use those very words...
... without the slightest
shred of irony or misgiving.
Remarkable what people will do for love.
Even Olivia.
If Olivia were to change her mind
and use this anatomy for spare parts,
after all, where would that leave Shelley?
As of three minutes ago, dead.
No vital signs. Doctor, it's...
Give her an amp of epi!
Stat!
Hello, dear.
Where's the paddles?
Give me the paddles! Give me the paddles!
Come on!
OK, clear!
Clear!
Going again. Clear!
Doctor, you'll do permanent damage...
She's already dead.
Clear!
W... why?
Why?!
Thanks, Johann. I needed that.
Now, I'm going to find my granddaughter.
So I got some good news and some bad news.
The good news is there is no bad news.
I have blood leaking out of
my nipples, for God's sake.
Yeah, it's caused by an amino
acid cocktail you're taking
to supercharge your mother's milk.
I mean, I'd dial back on the dosage,
but it's the telekinetic valence
inhibitor I'm using as a, uh...
... I don't know, psychic camouflage,
I guess the best way to explain it.
Yes, you are the cutest
baby ever! Yes, you are!
I don't know what you're
talking about right now.
None of this would have
happened without you, Miranda.
Oh Lord, oh Lord, oh Lord.
Right?
You are the proverbial
needle in the... DNA haystack.
Please give her to me...
Thank God you walked into
that blood bank in Bangor,
or the whole project would
have been up shit creek!
Just have to forget about
populating the gravity shelf, yeah!
- Yeah!
- You're, uh... you're scaring me.
Come on, those other people were
scary. Those religiosos? Ay-yi-yi.
The heck was that all about?
Heaven help us if they had
harmed the cutest baby ever.
- Yeah, you are...
- Give her to me!
Yeah, you are!
Look at that. I ask you,
does that face look like it
belongs to the Queen of the Damned?
Whatever nonsense those idiots
were carrying on about? Huh?
Who are you? What do you want?
Well, most people can't answer
either of those questions.
Who I am requires a longer explanation
than we have time for right now.
What I want... is right here.
In this room. You.
With your florid, abundant
milk production, my Lord.
Which has allowed us to triple
her ovum output, by the way. Yes!
You got more eggs inside of you
than you know what to do with.
- Yeah, you do!
- What?
Yeah, you do. You know my one
regret, though, I gotta tell you,
is the chicanery it took to
waylay you here in Hemlock Grove.
But know this. Never once were you
in any danger on the road that night.
On my honor, as your
exo-morphic interface.
That was you?
Slow down now! I'll stick
you in the bum with Thorazine!
Huh? We'll be flying out of here
soon. I can't have you all wiggy.
- And what is all this then?
- Olivia, you're looking well.
- How are you?
- Dying of cancer.
- But otherwise no complaints.
- Oh! You are nothing if not a survivor.
- I'll hold a good thought.
- Hm. Thank you.
I understand you're
treating my granddaughter.
- Routine checkup.
- I'm surprised my son's letting you
- into his confidence.
- He's been poisoning...
You're done playing mommy.
- I'm here to collect the baby.
- I'm sorry, I'm not at liberty
- to release her to your care.
- Oh, come off it, Arnold.
I'm her blood relative, for fuck's sake.
Well, some things are thicker than blood.
Mrs. Godfrey just made it very clear.
You're not leaving with that child.
- Give her to me.
- No fucking way!
All the unhappiness
started since you arrived!
- Mr. Conway is dead because of you.
- Let go of her!
Everything bad happened because of you!
I will fucking hit you, you old bitch!
- No, no, no! Don't hurt her!
- Give her to me!
Don't hurt her!
Aah!
Physician, heal thyself,
or whatever you are.
- Who the fuck are you?
- An unsatisfied customer.
Now, although good for an upset stomach,
your Sebzilla didn't live
up to the sales pitch.
- I... I can get you your money.
- No, I'm tired of empty promises.
Take off your clothes.
Take your fucking clothes off.
I want Section G sealed. No one in or out.
Anyone without Yankee 12 clearance
should be dismissed and sent home
for the rest of the day.
This begins and ends with your mother.
He has scales under his skin. And
he's using me to control the baby,
which is why my tits are
bleeding. And your mother...
Oh, God, your mother's after her, too.
- Where are you? Where's Nadia?
- She killed Anna.
She killed her, just like
she killed the other guy.
Anna's dead?
She's probably making us have those dreams,
you, me and Peter.
And I'm... why I'm lactating.
And the doc... He's not a doctor.
He used me, and...
... he has scales under his skin.
Listen, I want you to come
to the White Tower, OK?
- They're coming after us.
- They can't get you here.
I promise, I'll take care of you both, OK?
OK. OK.
Olivia's after the baby.
Dr. Spivak!
911, what is your emergency?
Oh... Oh, my God!
Testes die within minutes.
Eventually, they wither,
turn black, and fall off,
like grapes from a vine.
You sure seem to know
a lot about men's balls.
How's that working out for you?
Put these on before I lose my temper
and decide to take the whole package.
Peter, we gotta...
You're gonna wanna put that down.
You know, the last guy who laid hands
on me got a shank in the dick. So...
Sweetheart, I'm guessing sweet-talking
isn't what your mouth does best.
Stop. Your beef is with me, not with her.
Put the gun down, and kick it over here.
- Cuff him, sweet dam.
- Let her go.
Oh, I will. See, I always wondered
how my gear would work on lady parts.
Add to my collection.
No, Peter, don't.
Please, I already lost you once.
You're gonna have to kill me after.
What? No.
It's the only way you'll be safe.
- Promise me.
- No.
Ride or die.
Cuff him.
Peter...
- You OK, Creamsicle?
- What the fuck?
Andreas, why do you have
a silencer on your gun?
Why do you have a gun?
That, my friends, is a
conversation for another time.
You should go, now. Place will
be all tidy when you get back.
- Let me help you.
- No, no, no, no.
Hurry up, there's no time. We
have to get to the White Tower.
This is all my fault.
- What?
- What Nadia's turning into.
Because of my breast milk.
Dr. Spivak said that none of this
could have happened without me.
He called me a needle
in a haystack of DNA...
Look, look... You've been
through a lot. I get it.
You probably have PTSD or whatever.
I'll talk to Dr. Pryce, I'm sure...
No, no! No more doctors.
Please, promise me.
OK.
I just feel so bad for her.
She would be completely lost without you.
So would I.
So would all of us.
Sorry. What?
There are two people here
to see you, Mr. Godfrey.
They say they know you and it's urgent.
- Uh, Peter and Destiny Romantic.
- It's Rumancek, you twat.
Send them to level SB. I'll, uh...
I'll meet them at the elevators.
I can't do that, sir.
They don't have clearance.
I'm giving them clearance.
I need written
authorization from Dr. Pryce.
See the name on top of this building, yeah?
That's my name. You stay right there,
so I can fire your fucktard ass in person.
Peter and Destiny are upstairs.
Uh... Wait here, I'll be right back.
- No, don't leave me!
- No one can get to you here. OK?
- You'll be fine.
- Yeah, but what if...
OK, um... go take a look at the monkey.
Through those doors.
He's a hoot. Better than
television. I'll be right back. OK?
Take her down to the behavioral
unit! Four-point tie-down!
Nurse, 50 cc's of Haldol IM.
I want her monitored round the clock
to make sure she doesn't hurt herself.
Whatever bad mojo you saw in your
dream, nobody's coming down here.
Miranda?
State-of-the-art building
with a security apparatus
more sophisticated than the
embassy in fucking Baghdad
- and you have no idea where she is?
- She wasn't issued a badge
with a locator chip.
Neither were your friends.
You're out of excuses! Find her!
It took me 20 years to realize
how much I wanted your heart.
Now it's mine.
Clearing level six.
Hey, coz, you OK?
That dream, when we got back to your place.
The roof.
- Miranda!
- Miranda! Miranda, wait.
You don't wanna do this.
- Don't hurt the baby!
- All I ever did was love you.
They should have killed me instead.
- Give her to me.
- Hey!
You were born an angel and I...
I turned you into a monster.
- Miranda, get back here.
- I never meant to hurt you.
Everything's gonna be OK.
Listen to me. Listen to me, get back here.
You'll see your real mom soon. I'm sorry.
- No!
♪ Green of your eyes ♪
♪ In the morning, when you rise ♪
♪ Don't you be afraid to lie ♪
♪ By me, my love ♪
♪ Your father will not know ♪
♪ Hmm ♪
♪ Love can be broken ♪
♪ Though no words are spoken ♪
♪ Don't you be afraid to lie ♪
♪ By me, my love ♪
♪ Your father will not know ♪
♪ Love don't cry ♪
♪ And I'll not try ♪
♪ Don't you be afraid to lie ♪
♪ By me, my love ♪
♪ Your father will not know ♪
♪ Oooh ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org